[docs] Updates to development branching (#76063)
elastic/kibana: docs/developer/contributing/development-github.asciidoc

[discrete]
=== Branching

At Elastic, all projects in the stack, including Kibana, are released at the same time with the same version number. Most of these projects have the following branching strategy:

* `master` is the next major version.
* `<major>.x` is the next minor version.
* `<major>.<minor>` is the next release of a minor version, including patch releases.

As an example, let's assume that the `7.x` branch is currently a not-yet-released `7.6.0`. Once `7.6.0` has reached a feature complete stage, it will be branched to `7.6` and `7.x` will be updated to reflect `7.7.0`. The release of `7.6.0` and subsequent patch releases will be cut from the `7.6` branch. At any time, you can verify the current version of a branch by inspecting the `version` attribute in the `package.json` file within the Kibana source.

Pull requests are made into the `master` branch and then backported when it is safe and appropriate.

* Breaking changes do not get backported and only go into `master`.
* All non-breaking changes can be backported to the `<major>.x` branch.

> * Changes backported to a `<major>.<minor>` branch must be justified based on the severity and confidence of the change and the reasoning included in the pull request description.

Reviewer: Really like the changes you made in this iteration.

I have one suggestion, but I'm torn on whether it's an improvement or not. Throwing it out there for other's thoughts.

```suggestion
* Features should not be backported to a `<major>.<minor>` branch.
* Bugs backported to a `<major>.<minor>` branch must be justified based on the severity of the bug, and the confidence of the change, and the reasoning should be included in the pull request description.
```

Author: I went back and forth and ended up with the general "changes" wording as I was thinking about what would not fit within the "feature" or "bug" category. But, reading through this now, I think it's good to be explicit. 

It also raised the idea for me; documentation changes can go into any branch at any time. I will push an update for that.

[discrete]
=== Branching

> At Elastic, all projects in the stack, including Kibana, are released at the same time with the same version number. Most of these projects have the following branching strategy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At Elastic, all products in the stack, including Kibana, are released at the same time with the same version number. Most of these projects have the following branching strategy:
```

* `master` is the next major version.
* `<major>.x` is the next minor version.
* `<major>.<minor>` is the next release of a minor version, including patch releases.

> As an example, let's assume that the `7.x` branch is currently a not-yet-released `7.6.0`. Once `7.6.0` has reached a feature complete stage, it will be branched to `7.6` and `7.x` will be updated to reflect `7.7.0`. The release of `7.6.0` and subsequent patch releases will be cut from the `7.6` branch. At any time, you can verify the current version of a branch by inspecting the `version` attribute in the `package.json` file within the Kibana source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an example, let's assume that the `7.x` branch is currently a not-yet-released `7.6.0`. Once `7.6.0` has reached feature freeze, it will be branched to `7.6` and `7.x` will be updated to reflect `7.7.0`. The release of `7.6.0` and subsequent patch releases will be cut from the `7.6` branch. At any time, you can verify the current version of a branch by inspecting the `version` attribute in the `package.json` file within the Kibana source.
```

Author: 👍 - I always struggle with how much internal verbiage to leak, but "feature freeze" is generally understood.

[discrete]
=== Branching

At Elastic, all products in the stack, including Kibana, are released at the same time with the same version number. Most of these projects have the following branching strategy:

* `master` is the next major version.
* `<major>.x` is the next minor version.
* `<major>.<minor>` is the next release of a minor version, including patch releases.

As an example, let's assume that the `7.x` branch is currently a not-yet-released `7.6.0`. Once `7.6.0` has reached feature freeze, it will be branched to `7.6` and `7.x` will be updated to reflect `7.7.0`. The release of `7.6.0` and subsequent patch releases will be cut from the `7.6` branch. At any time, you can verify the current version of a branch by inspecting the `version` attribute in the `package.json` file within the Kibana source.

Pull requests are made into the `master` branch and then backported when it is safe and appropriate.

* Breaking changes do not get backported and only go into `master`.
* All non-breaking changes can be backported to the `<major>.x` branch.
* Features should not be backported to a `<major>.<minor>` branch.

> * Bugs backported to a `<major>.<minor>` branch must be justified based on the bug's severity, the confidence of the change, and the reasoning should be included in the pull request description.

Reviewer 3: I'd suggest re-iterating "safe and appropriate" here:
```suggestion
* Bugs can be backported to a `<major>.<minor>` branch if the changes are safe and appropriate. This is a judgement call you make based on factors like the bug's severity, test coverage, your confidence in the changes, etc.  Your reasoning should be included in the pull request description.
```
